yeah so in the last couple of classes we
were talking about the cv
characteristics and then
after the cv characteristics discussion
we were getting into
the secondary effects and these are the
list of effects that
we supposed to discuss and as you said
there are a few effects that will be
having a glimpse of it
but the certain effects that i will go
in depth in the sense not too much of
depth at the level of physics but
certainly that would help us to
model the uh behavior okay so i'll just
try to model few of the behaviors of
these
effects yeah so today we will just begin
with this discussion okay
so in the last class when i started
talking about it
i said that this velocity saturation
effect is an effect that happens because
of the
lateral electric field okay so this is
an electric field that is created
because of the
vds okay due to this electrical uh field
between the source and the drain
there is some physical phenomena that is
happening to the ids
quantity okay this is what we are going
to study under this saturation effect so
in order to study the behavior of our
ideas when i have a lateral electric
field what i did is
i took a very long channel device
and using this long channel device i try
to derive the
relation of ideas okay so finally what
we found is that we found
two different current equation one for
the linear region
okay we started with the expression of
qch by
transit time and that can be written as
something like mu n cyx
w by l and then
vgs minus vt minus vds by
2 into vds okay so this was the current
equation that we derived
and in order to get the saturation
current equation
what we did is that we just substituted
our vds to be exactly equal to
vds sat and that value of vdsat was
equal to vgs minus vt okay so this is
more important
so what i've done is like i try to
replace this vds
with vgs minus vt expression so when we
do so we end up having this current
equation
which i can write it as id sat or the
current in the saturation current as
something
like half mu n c o x
w by l into v g s minus v t the whole
square
okay so now let us try to plot this
behaviors of
of of long channel in terms of
graphs okay so i just want to plot them
one versus vgs id versus vgs
the other one has ids versus vds
and as i said this is the graph that we
call it as a transfer catalystic graph
because
vgs would act as a kind of input voltage
whereas ids is nothing but an output
current so it's a plot between input and
output so due to which we call this a as
a kind of transfer characteristic graph
whereas the graph towards the right that
is ids versus vds we call this graph as
an output characteristic graph
okay and this one is just the transfer
characteristic graph yeah yeah so now i
hope that
you you might already know these answers
so just a quick
review of it we assume that the value of
ids is completely equal to zero
okay uh till i reach the value of regis
that is
equal to vt and beyond that what happens
is that
you get some sort of current okay so
again
you will have different sets of graphs
for different values of vds
okay so we will restrict to a single
value of vds here okay
and this is the kind of graph and when i
look here the particular region
where our transfer would be in
saturation assuming that
we have vds that is greater than zero
okay so
in this particular segment we first
enter into saturation and then we get
into
linear okay so something like a kind of
a linear
relation will happen here but there are
certainly some sort of quadratic
relation happens at this particular zone
okay
now why does this quadratic relation
happens when i try to plot ids versus
vgs
why does this graph takes a kind of
quadratic nature
like a kind of parabola at this
particular junction and we are in
saturation regime
should we repeat the question now
uh when i try to plot ids versus vgs we
know that the transistor
would be in cut off between the value of
vgs when it is equal to zero to vt
right and after then it gets into
saturation within maybe
probably this graph might not tell you
exactly why we are in saturation but
i think we know that whenever the value
of vds is greater than
vgs minus vt then this is the condition
for saturation okay so let us assume
that our
value of vds that i've plotted is
greater than zero so which means that
we have a positive value for our vds so
in that case the moment i
cross this vt the value of vgs minus vt
would be much smaller than the value of
vds that i have due to which from cut
off we will be entering into
saturation regime and after a while
we'll be
at the edge of the saturation and then
we will move on to linear region okay
so for an nmos device i think this these
equations we have already seen
so we assume that the value of ideas is
equal to zero for transfer that is
in cut off and
when the value of ideas is is not equal
to zero
then there can be two possible regions
and the possibility of either of these
two regions
depends on the value of vds and vgs
right so if i say i am in linear
region the relation between the vds
and vgs can be returned something like
this okay when the value of v is smaller
than the value of v just minus v t
then we'll be in the linear region clear
but when i say that i'm in the
saturation.j
then the value of vds supposed to be
greater than
or equal to vgs minus vt
correct so now the mode i cross this
particular voltage i have some sort of
positive value of v gs minus vt
okay because this is my v g's axis and
when i subtract the value of v t
there will be a very small amount of
voltage that i will have across v g s
minus v t term okay
and that value when i compare with
respect to radius it is quite smaller
due to which i am satisfying
the saturation region condition okay so
from cutoff
we are entering into saturation regime
first and then
once i increase the value of vgs for a
fixed value of vds i'm talking okay
so as i keep increasing the value of vgs
what happens to the v g s minus
v d term that keeps rising and
momentarily we just move from this
saturation regime to linear region once
i have a huge value of v s minus v t
which is greater than the value of v d s
okay so this is how the travel so even
though if you're not comfortable
with this way of writing i'll talk about
the same concept when we talk about dc
characteristics of
cmos inverter okay but the only thing
that i want to
emphasize here is that there is a kind
of quadratic
graph between the id and vgs when i try
to plot there is a kind of curvature
that you could see and this curvature
represents a
quadratic relation between the id and
the vgs so why does this quadratic
relation appears
due to what
in the id set yeah
yeah there is a square exactly so there
is a square term that is sitting
in this ids sat expression okay and due
to which
even for a small increment in the value
of vgs
the current is actually stepping bias
factor of square okay and due to which
there is a quadratic relation and after
then
you would see some sort of linear
relation between the id and vgs
okay so this is the nominal graph for a
long channel device okay whatever i'm
plotting is only for long channel device
and i've
still not had gone to the saturation
effect okay
and now we will just get into the other
graph where i want to plot id versus
vds okay now again we know that there is
a kind of
no current when the value of vgs is less
than vt
okay but i would have certainly an
amount of current for the value of
vgs that is greater than vt okay so i'll
just mark it as vgs one
and the next vgs2 will have a higher
value
okay so each of these vgs
are being incremented at an equal step
okay so what does that mean is that
if i have say for example one volt the
vgs2 would be like two word the vgs3
will be like three volt and we just
would be like four volt
okay so the the difference between the
neighboring
voltages is all one word when i do so
you could see
that the currents were expanding is not
equal okay
it is not exactly incremented in the
same equal step
heights okay the height difference
between these two currents and the
height difference between these two
currents are different
okay and this again
it's purely because of this square
relation that i have
okay because of any equal increment in
the value of vgs
the current is being incremented by the
square term and due to which we would
see some sort of
unequal height differences in the value
of ideas versus vds graphs
okay hope that it is clear because these
are the graphs that will help us
to see how does the plus station impacts
our
cara okay this is what the current
discussion is all about
so now let us talk about short channel
device
so when i say short channel device we
are talking about a channel that is less
than one micrometer
under this condition our relation that i
am trying to plot would be different
now what i mean by velocity saturation
is that when i try to plot electric
field that is the lateral electric field
versus the drift velocity okay
we know that there exists a relation
which is given by the classical physics
that the drift velocity is given by mu
times that of the electric field
okay we know that the electric field can
be returned or the lateral electric
field can be determined
as vds divided by that channel length
and
the moment i reduce the channel length
say for example like
180 nanometer okay what happens is that
even for small
values of vds that i have the electric
field will suddenly
goes to a very very high value okay and
due to which
these electrons or the carriers the
charge carriers attains
a saturation velocity okay and it never
follows this
expression okay so what i'm trying to
mean is that
during the small values of electric
field
the relation is generally followed given
by this particular
expression okay
but after attaining a particular
electric field which we called as
critical electric field e c the velocity
of the carriers becomes constant
and it attains a saturated
velocity here i guess this graph we have
discussed in the last class as well
okay now clearly this particular cara is
not
reflected by this classical physics
equation so we have to modify this drift
velocity expression in order to
fit this particular carrot that the real
device actually shows the behavior
okay so in order to reflect this
behavior
i'm just going to slightly modify our
drift velocity
expression okay so which is given as vds
is equal to mu times that of the
electric field divided by 1 plus
by ec okay so classically what we had
was
just the drift velocity was equal to mu
times that of e
l but now in order to accommodate this
particular carrot we have remodified
this drift velocity expression
to something that looks like this okay
now
there are two things that we need to
observe here which means that
for electric field that el that is
far far lower than the value of this
critical electric field what happens to
the ratio
when the lateral electric field is much
smaller than the critical electric field
how i can approximate this drift
velocity term
it would be still equal to ca
into e l yeah so this would be still
following the classical physics okay
but the moment i am trying to get closer
and closer say for example
for the electric field that is exactly
equal to
the critical electric field what happens
is that
this drift velocity will become v sat
and what is the value of this v sat
when i try to plug in where e equal to e
c
then it becomes something like
this okay our velocity saturation is
given by this particular
expression and this expression is valid
even for electric field that is greater
than
this critical electric field it stays
constant okay and that constant value is
evaluated based on this substitution
okay and we are keeping this as a kind
of
ec and what we are plotting is with
respect to el okay
so any further increase in the value of
this lateral electric field
this quantity will be a kind of constant
term okay yeah
sure you can ask sir uh like if you
increase
el then won't dl by ec be more than one
yeah the drift velocity is actually
being remapped into this expression okay
so we will will not be utilizing this
expression this is for the case
when i am having an electric field that
is less than the critical electric field
okay so there are two different
equations
okay and this expression is valid only
when i am working for an electric field
that is
less than the critical electric field
but
according to the graph this drift
velocity
would be equated to v sat when i
have electric field that is greater than
the critical electric field so these are
the two different
equations okay okay
yeah now let us try to evaluate the
current in the linear region
okay now as i said uh the current
equation as we did for the long channel
the current equation
can be written as the channel charge
divided by the transit time
end up having something like mu times
one plus our
lateral electric field divided by ec
okay
so you could clearly see that there is
this particular term
is happening just because of this
particular substitution
so the t can be written as drift
velocity
divided by the the length of the channel
okay
and then uh once you keep substituting
the qc edge which
i told the value of this qch was written
as
okay this vd which was our drift
velocity
can be represented by this expression
which is
uh mu times el divided by 1 plus el
times of ec okay so i'm just trying to
substitute each of these quantities here
okay
did i write this properly no this is uh
yeah so now that uh you just plug in the
value of this
vd that we had over here because we are
in linear region okay
so in the linear region the value of vds
is small
okay and you know which i'm just using
this particular
expression rather than using this
expression okay so
hope you're clear so i'm just
substituting this equation just because
the vds
value is small
due to which the lateral electric field
is
lesser than the critical electric field
and i am using this
vd expression to substitute over here so
once you substitute you end up having
some sort of beautiful expression
uh where mu would be there and there is
also a critical electric field that
comes here okay and
you have this entire equation which is
the qch
expression
the blue one is basically due to the
expression of qch and then
so uh one thing that i can write is like
el can also be written as a
vds by pl channel length okay so we will
hold this as well and uh due to which
i'm going to substitute wherever i have
this
el this is again el sorry yeah
so where i have this el i'm just going
to utilize this expression
so when you do so
okay so this vds expression is coming
out of this el term that is sitting at
the top okay
yeah so hope that it is clear so once i
substitute all of these things this
is the expression i have as a kind of
current equation now i'm just going to
introduce one
particular term which is known as kappa
okay so i'm just
going to rewrite this equation that i've
written here equation number one
in terms of kappa of something okay so i
am just going to write it as kappa of
vds
into the normal equation which is
mu times cox w by l
vgs minus vt minus vds
by 2 into vds okay so now when i look
for the expression what is this
kappa expression you could see just by
making a comparison between the equation
number 1 and 2
you could say that this kappa of vds
is nothing but it's 1 upon 1 plus
vds by ec times l
okay now one can also write the product
of
ec into l as something known as critical
voltage
so in the previous uh expression like
can you just like scroll a little
upwards
one okay uh there are actually el
when we substitute vds by l
then uh the w into l will becomes w
but then like how come w by actually
there is one more t that is sitting here
right
so this t has something like l by v d
okay so already there was one l that is
coming out here
because there is a cancellation so we
have two l's at the bottom
okay one of the l will get cancelled
with this l
and uh one more l comes from the e l
term
okay yeah yeah so now let us talk about
this kappa of vds okay this couple of
vds has a special meaning so it measures
the degree of velocity saturation
okay now whenever we are dealing with
something like
long channel device so when i say long
channel device we are talking about the
length of the channel that is
much greater than one micrometer or
whenever the value of vds is small
okay 0.1.2 or 0.3 okay so when the
value of videos is small what happens to
this kappa of vds okay we'll talk about
both these quantities
okay so i'm taking two cases the first
case
is either i'm having a very long channel
or either i'm having a very small value
of vds what happens to this kappa
what does this copper value ends up
what happens to this ratio when when the
value of v is small
what happens to this ratio of vds by el
say for example when vds is equal to
zero what happens this quantity becomes
zero and due to which the kappa would
end up having a value that is equal to
1 right so whenever we are dealing with
the small value of vds we can assume
that the kappa
is equal to 1 okay which means that this
current equation
is as similar as that of the long
channel current equation
am i right this is the linear region
current equation
and when i deal with small value of v ds
i am ending up having the
current equation that is similar to our
long channel linear current equation
and also when i go for a channel length
that is greater than one micrometer what
happens to this
quantity that is v ds by ec
times l again this
quantity will become small okay which is
like
closer to the value of zero again under
that condition also the kappa
of v or anything like kappa of v ds or
copper of just v
okay would then be equal to one okay so
under
either of these two conditions the kappa
takes up a value of one
here but what happens on the other hand
that is whenever we
deal with a shorter channel that is for
length that is less than one micrometer
okay or when the value of vds is large
under this condition what value this
copper would take then
will it be higher than the value of one
or it will be less than the value of one
you want me to show the expression of
kappa the kappa is expressed something
like this
less than one so less than one yeah yeah
so whenever we have a short channel or
whenever we have a large value of vds in
a short channel okay so rather than
writing it as
r i would write it as and okay so this
is a better quantity
and rather than writing this kappa
something like this okay i want to
generalize this kappa term
something like just cup of v how do i
express this cup of v
i'm just writing it as potential
difference across any two terminal it
can be either
across vgs or it can be across vds so i
want to generalize this kappa term
in terms of just v rather than specific
about
v d s how do i express this kappa of v
so it is again taken from this
expression just replace this
v d s just with v right so when i do so
i would end up having an expression
which is written as
1 divided by 1 plus v
divided by v c but if you are more
comfortable with
writing in terms of critical electric
field you can rewrite
this expression again as ec times graph
l okay so either of these two forms are
conveying the same thing
here yeah i'll tell you the reason why
i'm writing
as cup of v rather than cup of vds when
we move on to saturation regime okay
so now let us look for the current
equation in the saturation region
for a short channel device but
here before i do the derivation
i i just want to provide you some sort
of node okay
so in this case i'm not going to assume
that the value of vds sat
is equal to v s minus vt
okay so what i'm trying to say is that
whenever the transfer is in saturation
regime the value of vds
is written as vds sat but that value of
vdsat
need not to be equal to vgs minus vt as
we had it for the long channel device
clear so based on this i want to rewrite
it
hope you're clear okay so since because
it doesn't follow the same rule as we
had before
i'm going to express the saturation
current
by two different ways and then i i'm
going to merge both these expressions
now to get the
final conclusion out of the expression
clear
so since because the transistor gets
into the saturation regime the moment
the value of vds is equal to vdsat
i want to rewrite the current equation
in the saturation regime
just by substituting vds equal to vdsat
but this video sat need not to be equal
to v just minus vt okay later i will
prove that they are not equal but as
of now this need not to be equal to vgs
minus vt will hold this
as just vds sat so
wherever i had my vds i'm going to
rewrite them with vds sat okay and then
it followed by mu
c yx w by l and then we had v g s
minus vt and then we had something like
vds
divided by 2 so that vds has to be
replaced with
radius sat by 2
into v dsi so this is one expression
okay
and there is also one more expression
which we can derive just by making use
of the current equation that
however we did for our linear region how
i can express this current equation in
terms of charges
it is written as qch divided by the
transit time
right any of the qch expression reminds
the same doesn't matter
okay so it can be returned as something
like
okay so this expression reminds the same
okay but what happens
for the transit time is is different
okay this transit time
is right now can be expressed in terms
of drift velocity
but this drift velocity in the
saturation regime is replaced with
saturation velocity okay so i've
replaced this vd
with saturation velocity okay so i'm
just going to substitute each of these
quantities to build up this expression
here so i would end up having
an idea sat to be equal to
saturation velocity times c yx
and then the width and there is no l
term here because one of the l
gets cancelled with this l okay due to
which there is no l term that is sitting
here
and the remaining term of v g s minus v
t
and v d s sat by two would appear here
okay so i have two different kind
expressions that
conveys the same current equation that
exists for a transistor
in the saturation region okay so now
i'm going to utilize both these
expression like maybe i will write this
as
a and this one as
b okay i'm going to utilize both this
expression
in order to derive the total saturation
current equation
so in order to write this i'm going to
substitute
two things that is the kappa of vdsat
which we had in our equation number a so
this
term would be replaced with our known
expression which is written as 1 plus
vds sat by vc
okay and i'm also going to rewrite this
vsat
okay so if you want how to get this
reset i'll first express this ec
we know that this ec based on the
continuity equation
it can be written as something like this
so it's based on the expression that we
derived earlier okay
so if you are following it i think there
won't be any doubt in
within you okay yeah so this expression
i have utilized
clear so v sat
equals to mu times e c divided by two
and that
expression is what is being rewritten
something like this okay
so again this ec
can be returned in terms of critical
voltage right
so vc by l because
for the other side also i have this vc
so due to which i'm just taking
few things in common so whichever things
that i can cancel out i can just cancel
here
so due to which i have this v sat
expressed in terms of
vc clear so i have got two expressions
which i am going to substitute
in both these equation number a as was
equation number b
here so once you have both these
expression you could see that there are
few terms there is a kappa of vds term
and there is also vsat term or the
velocity saturation term
so for both these expressions i want to
rewrite them in terms of vc
okay and those expressions for kappa of
v
sat in terms of v c and the v
sat in terms of v c is being written
here so now the only thing that i have
to do is that since because both
expression a as well as expression b are
conveying the same
current equation i can equate both these
equations
so now that i am just going to
substitute each of these quantities and
let me try to first express them and
later i will replace this v sat
maybe i am just equating b
that is equal to a okay
okay so which are the terms that are
common i can
actually cancel them yeah i think there
is something that i
uh yeah so
this is supposed to be equal to v g s
minus v t
minus v d sat okay so this is something
that i
forgot to mention here okay so in the
previous case uh
i think in the long channel structure we
were
directly using this minus vds by two
okay but
in the case of uh saturation regime uh
the channel
is tapered okay so due to which i'm just
using only
vds sat here okay there is no half
factor that is sitting here here
so sorry for for not informing this
earlier okay
the reason behind this uh substitution
is just because
the channel staffered when we are in the
saturation regime
and due to which this vds by 2 is being
rewritten as
just vds set clear
and substitute this guy v sat
which is vc by l
and we have something like vgs minus vt
vdsat and this kappa of vds can be
written as something like 1 plus
vds sat by vc
and there is also mu by l term that is
sitting here
and then we just minus vt minus
radius sat
into various set okay so again there are
few
few common terms which we can cancel
namely the mobility and the length
can be cancelled
okay so again this vc's can be cancelled
from here to here
and the only thing that we need to do is
just uh some
sort of cross multiplication of these
two terms
okay so there is quadratic term which we
can actually cancel
on both the sides okay so
there is no caution and we certainly
have to rearrange this expression
yeah so certainly there is one
particular term and this term vgs minus
vt
times vds can actually get merged with
this expression or towards the left side
so
you would have v g s minus v t
video sat
yeah so i'm just going to take off this
in common
uh
now i just want to look into this
expression of vdsat
so this vdsat is actually proportional
to vgs minus vt
but there is a factor that sits between
those v d sat
and the v s minus v d and what is this
factor
how i can rewrite this factor this
is almost similar to the expression of
this kappa that we derived earlier right
because the kappa of v can be returned
that is that cup of e
yeah so cup of v has a form that is
written as 1 divided by 1 plus
v times that of the critical voltage
okay
so when i look back into this expression
that we derived here
you could see it is 1 upon 1 plus some
voltage
that is as a whole it is v just minus vt
divided by the critical voltage so i can
rewrite this expression that i marked
with orange
as something like kappa of vgs
minus vt into
vgs minus vt okay
so certainly we know that this
kappa will take up a value that is equal
to one
whenever we deal with so when does this
copper term will take up a value of one
long channel yeah so whenever we deal
with
long channel device okay
or whenever the value of vds
is small but what happens when i have
radius that is large okay a video that
is large
as well as
the length of the channel is less than
one micrometer okay
so in that case we know that this kappa
will take up a value that is smaller
than the value of 1.
so what does it implies to this equation
which means that my device will enter
into saturation
well before the vds reaches vgs minus vt
so in the previous case yeah
so for for a longer channel device
the device was entering into saturation
when
the value of vds is exactly equal to vgs
minus v t
okay so this is for the case of a long
channel
okay but in in our case what happens is
that
i am entering into the saturation regime
well before
reaching the value of v just minus vt at
this point itself
i'm entering into saturation and i'm
marking this voltage
as v d sat and that v d sat can be
written as
kappa of v g s minus v t
into v g s
minus vt and we know that this kappa
value will be small right
so due to which i will be entering into
saturation regime before the value of
vds
is equal to vgs minus vt okay and due to
which
the short channel transistor has
extended saturation regime
so what do we mean by this extended
saturation regime
you see in the long channel device the
saturation regime falls
right from this value of vds all the way
through this okay when i take a short
channel
the saturation regime is much wider for
a short channel device
okay so this is one of the physical
phenomena that you can observe
when you try to plot id versus vds okay
apart from this there is also one more
important factor that i want to bring
out
okay let us look for the expression b
so when i look carefully you could see
that the value of this id sat
is proportional to v g s minus v t
okay either you look into the expression
a or you look into the expression b
you could see that they are proportional
to v g s minus v t so now
for a short channel device let me pick
this
graphs that i have plotted earlier
whenever i deal with short channel
device okay let me pick a green one
what happens is that since the
saturation current
is proportional to vgs minus vt how do i
modify this
graph what modification do i need to
have for this particular graph
will i be still following this kind of
graph or will there be any
differences in the graph apart from the
device getting into saturation much
earlier
will there be any other impact that i
can impose on this particular
graph we will have equal width
between the yes true true yeah
exactly so what happens is that we'll
have
equal bits so
so so this is the kind of phenomena that
we would end up having
once we have a velocity saturation
impact okay
so in a way the current that i would get
is also small
y again i will look back into our
current equation
that is equation number a so since the
value of kappa
takes up a value that is less than one
the current that i would get out of the
device
will be small okay and the same has been
reflected
even in this graph when i go for equal
widths the current
that i would get is small compared to
the current that i was getting earlier
for the same
value of vgs okay so there are two three
factors that we can see here
the first factor is the device
enters into saturation
much earlier
okay the second one the ids
is linearly equal to v just minus vt
and due to which i would end up having
equal widths
of id sat okay
for
equal widths of
vgs minus vt values okay or vgs values
or equal bits of vgs values
clear so this is the second thing that i
can see
and also the current that i would get
the idsat
would be small
for short channel
device okay so these are the three
physical phenomena that i can observe
okay so now there is one last thing that
i want to show here
we have plotted id versus vds graph how
about id versus vgs graph
any idea let me use the
same graph that i plotted earlier yeah
how does this graph would change
where is my saturation regime your own
saturation would be linear instead of
quadratic
yes yes so yeah instead of quadratic
what happens is that it will be a kind
of linear
okay but at small values of uh vgs minus
vt
it will be still quadratic okay because
the current ids
has an expression copper of vgs minus vt
okay
so when this value of vgs minus vt is
small
what does it mean the kappa will take up
a value of 1
when i try to plot this small portion
will reflect
a quadratic relation but once i cross a
particular value
it becomes a kind of straight line like
a kind of linear
graph okay it becomes something like a
straight line
even in the saturation regime it becomes
a linear relation between regions and
id here there won't be any any curvature
here
but initially there will be a small
curvature just because the kappa
would take up the value of one when the
value of v g s minus v d is small
clear but otherwise it takes up a linear
relation
here and then you end up having a very
less current
after this okay so these are the
pictures that i've drawn
which i know that uh it is not that
great so i'll show you the pictures
that are taken from the textbook okay
yeah
so this is a kind of carrot for a long
channel towards the left side and this
is the cara that i would get for a short
channel
of equal bits and also the device is
entering into
saturation much earlier
and this is the quadratic relation that
i have for a long channel
and this is a kind of linear relation
that i have for the
short channel device okay so hope that
you have understood how does the
saturation impacts our id
characteristics as a whole
okay so in the next class we will
discuss about the mobility
degradation which we will not discuss
too much we'll just
tell what is this mobility degradation
means and how does it impacts our
current that's it okay we will not go
into
expressions or derivations or something
like that we just uh
look into it and then we'll just move on
to the further on ideal effects
here so let me stop here